Welcome to the new video today
2000 plus subscriber special because we
already a bit over 2000 I think
already over it because it has one
Took me to the special so
I have planned everything and until I have everything
have organized so that it will be like
I want that and now I have it
really cool stuff for you me
that's because it could have and because of that
the raffle is going on at all today
platforms or four
my social platforms with everyone
What does it have on facebook
twitter on youtube and instagram
if he supports me everywhere and so
I know 2000 subscribers here
youtube is for one or the other
maybe not that big, but me
if you can imagine that
It is waiting in the lot and I am glad
me about it
and that's why I have a bit
what's organized around you
Thank you very much and I believe
Raffles are always cool and me
I'm looking forward to any event is important
good things and I would say
I'm driving on the torture for a long time now
I begin with the raffle
Do not think it is really for everyone
doing so what are stretched quite
short forward before I give you the first one
shows it already sets general
conditions of participation are below in the
infobox so old requirements well
not that there is anything in the
infobox and to the specific writing
I also go in but say now
also with my video about the social
platforms and I would say that
begin now just with youtube
on youtube loss this horny part
here and it is nothing kretschmer
or increase
ruble world map of red back and is
it's really cool for the people a lot
travel or still many white want and
Although it looks very much this is a
world map which is currently still so
golden and depending on where you are then
you can go there otherwise
change what is super cool and neither
personally and it covered me up for me
could, for example, australia
I am already away America can
Do not tingle anymore and I know that
I'll probably be there soon
People who travel a lot are fine
That's why I thought that was cool
just fits in with me and that's why
I thought it must necessarily
and everything you have to do for it
To win this backdrop is easy
just write the comment in the
either in it is which countries you
could change already or which you on
so would love to cheer away
write in the comments
then you both are lost and in the process
you do not necessarily have to
you do not necessarily have the video
You do not have to give night if you
Of course you want to but you have to
not just the comment of the rich
on my facebook page got lost
to make your own finished this book
that had also been from red back
which is really funny you know it
determined by some youtube for
those who do not know it stand there
then together how to travel this page
apart or kick something on it
writes with left something I
Even the book at liu
a bit so defaced and it is
really cool is really fun together
with friends
For that I have to disti once and to
29 euro Amazon coupon he still
practically get from me if you are
at that time so diligent about my link too
I used the surveys completely
you the video again towards
that's why I have points on it yes
get through and that's why there are
in 20 euro Amazon coupon again from
me and everything you have to do about it
the book and the 20 euro amazon
Dusting coupons is easy
my facebook page www.facebook.com /
tv mix max here it is again
like to give and like the picture that
I will then somehow taste where then
somehow the book is to be seen and the
20 or Amazon voucher to examine
i would still do that if i did that
costs then give me and give
that 's it and then I show it already
and you definitely have a good opportunities because
on the social platforms are still
not so many people of you because of that
Do you have any good chances for us?
tune
then we come to the instagram raffle
is packing or electrician but man
understand me in the middle of being on
instagram loses this minecraft
Hard how cool is that?
from close up de really cool and me
wanted something actually and industry
also when I myself never
really minecraft day but me
would like to
maybe I'll start that and
that's why minecraft swears you off
hans-josef really cool people and me
think that's super cool and I have
by the way, that here at close up for 20
found euro and there is nowhere under
20 euro so if it wants something is a
good tip to get the really cheap
now also the pickaxe diamond
That's why it's really cool and the day is
on instagram and on is pure if we
The win is simply a follower
my instagram page is just up
instagram comics maximum then you will find
me already and the picture later
still make
The sword simply licon can be that
you then have shorter hair now
still walk and then should
even at a raffle while the
That 's it and I wish you now
good luck
mega cool then we come to the last
namely for the twitter raffles here
lost what i have in the frame
We want the advents of the many
other youtuber loss and I have
thought I worried you again because that
picture changes and that is it during the day
is ambiguous but does not matter
and indeed it is this objectively better
I have got cool from getdigital
get back and some of you wanders
not so mega cool that I from eight
I do not necessarily again
is giving away with which and looks
like an objective I already have a few
people is and with that I say goodbye
I bought a new lens
and as cool as I had scott for me
even quite expensive but is correct
cool and make a case what that suits
youtuber us easily and to you too
Look and that's why I thought so
In any case, also loss and
to the need to win her knows
not yet just do it on twitter
follow and the trick I do
just write retweet and then you are
you already in the raffle so here
super easy i dont know what i did
exactly the Swiss will be registered
but something with the mug here
Checked raffle is then already am
I'm sure
and that's just me
I say I hope you loss
I like it and then I have something else
with you where many youtuber usually also
but I make the raffle out of it
I thought I would share every case
the desire and have time and indeed wants
I grab with you on 23
it is a sunday a few of you
I know that I'm late on Sundays
usually one in the afternoon to evening
makes skin on and that will be
fail and do it with you instead
and if you want to do it then
we step in
either on youtube twitter or
facebook private message your skype
I then added and then added
on sunday we grab the 23 and
so I am glad that it already full
facebook and twitter who almost believes
rather youtube you know with the
Inbox of the chain gives one
That's why facebook should be the first
and twitter will be you love though
i also try it through youtube the
Checking news and that was it
actually with the whole special
I hope you really like it
should also be the special
Postfach to come because it is so here
many of you want and it does me
Really sorry but it worked that is
not because of the cost is bare
15 euros once but just the whole
privatpost also there and I know something
I'll move back soon and me
had to first look where I then
live longer and no idea
I'm still really looking at it
where unfortunately not yet I would
even a little bit of this year though
Germany to come and maybe
once in a while to make a meeting though
I find somewhere in the city that
maybe we will see each other there and
that you give me a letter or something
Could this be here ?
possibility but that's why sorry
Postma is currently working
Not
I am really sorry and I would have too
done so but unfortunately it was not
Nevertheless, hope that you
jellyfish special team has diligently
join in if you win something
do not want the most exact so many
at the moment there was at the social
platforms and that 's not the case yet
many that means you have really good ones
Of course, chances will tell me where
friends look at me and we
we 'll see each other next time
video and I wish you all quite
good luck and said away
infobox everything is in it again
whole conditions of participation also again
facebook twitter was too fast
everything is again in it the whole and
left and so and also thanks again to
all companies that made that possible
have that I praise you so cool
can give really cool
and yes see you next time
again and I hope there is one
cool video and i am happy and
thanks again until next time
where I get worse